com/example/topnews/domain/repository/NewsRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.topnews.domain.repository.NewsRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_topnews_NewsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_topnews_NewsApplication
com/example/topnews/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/topnews/Hilt_NewsApplication.java
 com.example.topnews.Hilt_NewsApplication
 com.example.topnews.Hilt_NewsApplication$1
com/example/topnews/ui/listfragment/ListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_Factory
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_topnews_NewsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_topnews_NewsApplication
com/example/topnews/ui/listfragment/ListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_di_AppModule
com/example/topnews/ui/listfragment/ListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/topnews/di/AppModule_ProvideUnsplashApiFactory.java
 com.example.topnews.di.AppModule_ProvideUnsplashApiFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/topnews/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.topnews.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/topnews/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.topnews.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
 com.example.topnews.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/topnews/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.topnews.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/topnews/NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_topnews_ui_listfragment_ListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/topnews/DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.topnews.DaggerNewsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/topnews/databinding/FooterBinding.java
 com.example.topnews.databinding.FooterBinding
com/example/topnews/ui/listfragment/Hilt_ListFragment.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.Hilt_ListFragment
com/example/topnews/databinding/FragmentDetailBinding.java
 com.example.topnews.databinding.FragmentDetailBinding
com/example/topnews/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.topnews.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/topnews/NewsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/topnews/ui/listfragment/ListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.topnews.ui.listfragment.ListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/topnews/databinding/ItemBinding.java
 com.example.topnews.databinding.ItemBinding
com/example/topnews/NewsApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.topnews.NewsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/topnews/databinding/FragmentListBinding.java
 com.example.topnews.databinding.FragmentListBinding
